There we have it.
We've just completed our data structure section.
We went through all these data structures even some sub data structures and you don't want We've completed
a lot of this mind map.
We've talked about arrays.
We've talked about stacks and Qs.
We've talked about hash tables linked lists trees and all the types of trees that we have.
We even talked about graphs all these little boxes that are data structures.
We now have an understanding of what they are and how they're used.
But there's a few other pieces of my map that we need to go through and that is algorithms and you'll
see algorithms depicted here in rocketships.
Our last piece of the puzzle but you might still have a few questions that haven't been answered and
there are some things that I left out because they apply more to algorithms when it comes to sorting.
We're going to use arrays and Treece when it comes to dynamic programming.
We're going to be talking about hash tables when we talk about breadth first search and depth first
search that's used in graphs and trees recursion Well that comes up a lot in trees as well.
So now that we have our fundamentals for data structures we're now ready to talk about these algorithms
that come up a lot in interviews because we now understand how data structures work we're able to talk
about algorithms intelligently and understand them at a fundamental level.
I'll see you in the algorithm section.